Add TypeScript Guides (#6454)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/TypeScript Guides/10 Best Practices/10 Generic Parameters.md

> Some objects are generic, particularly for data-aware components like Data-Grid:

Reviewer: Are you saying that the DataGrid object itself is generic? 

```suggestion
Some types are generic. This is mostly the case for data-aware component types, such as Data Grid:
```
